DOCS-8839: Bring back original TTL changes (#47)
mulesoft/docs-object-store: modules/ROOT/pages/osv2-apis.adoc

|POST |

* Object Store:
+

> ** TTL, in seconds, for the object store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Object store TTL, in seconds
```

+

> The maximum TTL is 2,592,000 seconds (30 days).

Reviewer: PR #51 did not use commas in the seconds value, in any context....

> If the `entryTtl` value is greater than 30 days, TTL is set to the maximum value (2592000 seconds/30 days) without returning an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `entryTtl` value specified is greater than 30 days, the value defaults to 2592000 seconds (30 days), without returning an error.
```

> For more information about TTL, see xref:osv2-faq.adoc#how-long-can-data-persist-in-object-store-v2[How long can data persist in Object Store v2?]

Reviewer: what other kind of "more" information?

** Persistence property

> ** Usage limits for each application or environment, includes options for limiting based on keys or size and how to enforce them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Usage limits for each application or environment, including options for limits based on keys or size, and how to enforce them
```

Reviewer: keys or key?
